docs(reference/QueryClient): clarify query client query methods (#10725)
TanStack/query: docs/reference/QueryClient.md

      - Per default, a currently running request will be cancelled before a new request is made
    - When set to `false`, no refetch will be made if there is already a request running.

**Notes**

> - Unlike [`refetchQueries`](#queryclientrefetchqueries), `invalidateQueries` marks matching queries as invalid and then refetches them according to the `refetchType` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unlike [`refetchQueries`](#queryclientrefetchqueries), `invalidateQueries` marks matching queries as invalidated and then refetches `active` queries (unless otherwise specified with the `refetchType` option).
```

- Queries that are "disabled" because they only have disabled Observers will never be refetched.
- Queries that are "static" because they only have Observers with a Static StaleTime will never be refetched.

> - Unlike [`invalidateQueries`](#queryclientinvalidatequeries), `refetchQueries` refetches matching queries without marking them as invalid first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unlike [`invalidateQueries`](#queryclientinvalidatequeries), `refetchQueries` refetches all matching queries.
```
